marine like that and I'm a saleswoman in
organic store and organic stores I
do not know if you noticed but everything
what's inside it has a weird name
of tofu stretches from lupine tempo on
looks like Harry Potter characters
alias is a pure one must imagine the
home and cold version
in short, it is a drowned trap not
the 3d but if we have to eat organic it must
to be at grid
it has all the characteristics it is
true he has a big beard
he has long hair a little fat
oil to a sheepskin jacket
frankly it misses two things that's
smell the essential oils and
to have open sandals any
the year me in the world at the stores
that people like that I cross everything
the time it is true I recognize
easily it is those who choose
their bottles of water and their apples
with a pendulum is what mouths
when you tell them they can not
show in the store with the dragons
it's true of the fact in fact today
the worst it is really people
democratic and that's fine the whole
world eats organic because we know it the
bio is good for us it's good for
them for the environment it's good for
for people for our body
I think we should pay more
with his credit card in the shops
bio should directly put the card
vital
I say that but the devil is
not only convinced
in organic stores no there is also
ladies they enter the
organic shops
they have big coats in
fur and bags is Tuesday in
a bio store me with my colleagues on
call them the bio kaunas thank you and the
it's true that we have
did the technique have to wait a
moment I will ask my colleague
tim does not hear I made a call nor
against timothy you could bring me back
one that you said please in
crate I think you do not know where that
is in the transit section it is the
material for movement
he also takes a box of prunes these
transits one for the lady with pretty
coats ah yes because often in
the organic shops people come in and
do not know so much dementia that
come to buy
so we can tell them anything
so what I advise you for
your cold is to take a few
alpha seeds that you are going to do
sprout yourself obviously on a
Pass sedan ship Maltese lassus for
add one or two essential eyes
drops of essential oil
wintergreen I have a little doubt it is
maybe from the Kenyan island you can
spend ten months but she arrives here
in the no there is no wearing the
elements of the gas project of the
Last year, people are generally
elsewhere it's pretty funny because
you can really tell them anything
what's the corner then with this product
watch out I'm not a naturopath
it's really to be taken with
tweezers but the best thing to
do is ask my colleague
in fact I did not taste
yes because we sellers of
organic stores we have not tasted all the
store only have 35 thousand produced in
a store
I devoted myself especially to
chocolate ray I laid 23 kilos when
I started to lather national
So similar shot to order to do
small discounts to points not all
the sellers of organic stores do not have
vote eva joly me personally i
voted dumbledore is there and me she me
the most magical customers I have
it still remains vegans
not move if you see what it is
that a vegan yes there is in the
samba
no it's okay because I can do
murderers after then the houses
of allah it's a bit like
vegetarian but extremist saw the
lunar terrorists of suicide bombers
nutritious except that she blows herself up
they are blowing the vegetables week
that vegans have tremendously
vegetables
I never lie good vegetables in
same time everything is wrong with the
Nutella is funny because life
it's in the air and subcategories
for example there still eats
carrots well that's rabbits
but if lyon is otherwise they eat that
sprouted seeds and had actually yielded
this protagonist
it's a very beautiful I did not invent
he's not coming out of harry potter
it really exists I'm so scared
to forget about it for the show is written
this and nothing that does the king write here
I feel like I'm part of a
sect
so we welcome in our church
protagonists jean-claude changes as long as
he had the invisibility cloak
jean-claude please present yourself
hello jean petrol claude I knew
that we were not much and spot and
realistic uh I started hello
never jean claude
hello then me if I'm here
today it's because I decided
to become the brigitte bardot of the kitchen garden
indeed I believe that there is not only
animals to be protected
no I think it's also cabbages
from Brussels
the horses valesco the cabbages of the east
Lorient cabbage cauliflower the
curly cabbage green cabbage cheeks
pinion and down this morning written ivory I
swear with all my strength to fight
against what we should not pronounce
the name
the ogm